icis-2018-poster
================
Rick O. Gilmore & Alyssa Pandos
2017-11-03 10:36:38

Submission instructions from <https://infantstudies.org/abstracts/>
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Three dedicated poster sessions will be available during the congress for individual, free-standing research presentations. Posters are the appropriate format when material can be explained briefly, is suited for graphic or visual presentation, and/or the presenter would benefit from high levels of interaction and discussion.

### Submission Process

-   Include all authors (primary and secondary) exactly as you wish them to appear on published material and in the correct order
-   Include an abstract (max 3500 characters – 500 words)
-   Prepare an abstract title (max 130 character limit)
-   Submit the abstract via ICIS’s online abstract management system. Please note, when submitting the abstract cut and paste it from a text editor (i.e. notepad, wordpad) to ensure it does not include underlying formatting that may cause errors. Do not copy/paste from a Word document as additional hidden formatting could be inserted into the submission.
-   Ensure the submission has been approved by all authors

Graphics are encouraged but not required. They do not count toward the maximum word count for the submission. The two graphics allowed may be:

-   2 tables, or
-   2 figures, or
-   1 table plus 1 figure

Please note that all graphics must be incorporated into one single file. The file must be in Adobe PDF Format and you will upload the document at the end of the submission process. If you submit anything other than a pdf document, it will not be viewable.

\*By submitting an abstract, you agree to present at the ICIS Meeting should your abstract be selected for the program.

Authors
-------

Rick O. Gilmore Andrea R. Seisler Alyssa A. Pandos (Amanda L. ~~Thomas~~)

Title
-----

AP will work on.

<!-- The appearance and disappearance of visual forms defined by differential motion evokes distinctive EEG responses in school-age children -->
Abstract (500 words)
--------------------

AP will draft.

1.  Sentence or two framing the question.

Why optic flow? Why important? Prior research suggests infant brains respond more strongly to linear flow (gilmore et al. 2007) and to larger displacements/faster speeds (Hou et al 2009). Pattern across primate (Kiorpes & Movshon, 2004). Children show intermediate responses (Gilmore, Thomas, & Fesi, 2016). High density EEG study with infants.

1.  Sentence or two describing sample, displays, measures, analysis.
2.  Sentences describing results.
3.  Sentence or two describing implications, next steps.

Figures
-------
